qibotf removal (#587)
qiboteam/qibo: doc/source/api-reference/qibo.rst

A copy of the state can be created using :meth:`qibo.abstractions.states.AbstractState.copy`.
The new state will point to the same tensor in memory as the original one unless
the ``deep=True`` option was used during the ``copy`` call.

> Note that some backends (qibojit) perform in-place updates when the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the qibojit backend performs in-place updates
```
Since qibojit is now the only backend which performs in-place updates.
